She admitted that she stole money from her employer.
She admitted she stole money from her employer.

One of the judges declared it was the best chocolate cake they had ever tasted.
One of the judges declared that it was the best chocolate cake they had ever tasted.

We were told that we were too young to register for National Service.
We were told we were too young to register for National Service.

She said that they often quarrelled but they always made it up soon after.
She said they often quarrelled but they always made it up soon after.

Peter told me that his family would be moving to San Diego the next month.
Peter told me his family would be moving to San Diego the next month.

The army officer said that the whole town was taken by rebel forces during the night.
The army officer said the whole town had been taken by rebel forces during the night.

Sue told her brother that he had put on a lot of weight since she last saw him.
Sue told her brother he had gained a lot of weight since she last saw him.

My father told me that I should not go away until the clerk had given me a receipt.
My father told me not to go away until the clerk had given me a receipt.

Mary told her mother that she would be starting her sewing lessons the following month.
Mary told her mother she was going to start her sewing lessons the following month.

I told Jim that the trip had been postponed to the end of the month.
I told Jim the trip had been postponed to the end of the month.

Jane said to her sister that all the tickets for that day's show had sold out. She told her that they would go another day.
Jane said to her sister all the tickets for that day's show had sold out. She said they would go another day.

Grace said to me that she knew where Ray was. She told me he was down by the river, fishing.
Grace said to me she knew where Ray was. She told me he was down by the river, fishing.

Mike said to me that he could post the letters for me. He told me that he was going to the Post Office the next day.
Mike said to me he could post the letters for me. He told me he was going to the Post Office the next day.

Lucy suggested to her brothers that they go to Hong Kong. She told them that there was a water carnival on that week-end.
Lucy suggested to her brothers they go to Hong Kong. She told them there was a water carnival on that week-end.

The old man advised the boys not to go swimming in the river. He told them that there were crocodiles in it.
The old man advised the boys not to go swimming in the river. He told them there were crocodiles in it.

The teacher said that there would be a test the following Monday. He said that anybody who didn't get at least half marks would be in trouble.
The teacher said there would be a test the following Monday. He said anybody who didn't get at least half marks would be in trouble.

Mr. Williams told his wife that he would probably be late that night. He told her that the meeting would take quite a long time and not to wait up for him.
Mr. Williams told his wife he would probably be late that night. He told her the meeting would take quite a long time and not to wait up for him.

The teacher told them to go and see their principal. The teacher said that the principal would tell them what to do.
The teacher told them to go and see their principal. He said the principal would tell them what to do.

My father reminded us that our cousins would arrive early the next morning. He told us that they were driving down from Liverpool.
My father reminded us our cousins would arrive early the next morning. He told us they were driving down from Liverpool.

He said to us that he would wait for us at the bus station. He asked us not to be late.
He said to us he would wait for us at the bus station. He asked us not to be late.
