I met her in London a few months ago.
A few months ago, I met her in London.

I saw them walking along the river last week.
Last week, I saw them walking along the river.

He told us to go away quickly.
He told us to quickly go away.

The bag is light enough for you to carry.

It was too dark for us to see.

She sat quietly in the office for ten minutes.
She sat quietly for ten minutes in the office.
For ten minutes, she sat quietly in the office.
In the office, she sat quietly for ten minutes.
In the office, for ten minutes she sat quietly.

Last night, we played badminton at his house.
Last night at his house, we played badminton.
We played badminton last night at his house.
We played badminton at his house last night.

Yesterday, Danny spoke very well at the debate.
Danny spoke very well at the debate yesterday.
Danny spoke very well yesterday at the debate.
Danny yesterday spoke very well at the debate.
At the debate yesterday, Danny spoke very well.

We were talking quietly by the tree when the branch fell down.
When the branch fell down, we were talking quietly by the tree.
We were talking by the tree quietly when the branch fell down.
We were quietly talking by the tree when the branch fell down.

The fire started in the kitchen of that house at about ten o'clock at night.
At about ten o'clock at night, the fire started in the kitchen of that house.
The fire started at about ten o'clock at night in the kitchen of that house.
In the kitchen of that house, the fire started at about ten o'clock at night.
In the kitchen of that house, at about ten o'clock at night, the fire started.

The men who came this morning worked hard at the back of the house all day long.
The men who came this morning worked hard all day long at the back of the house.
All day long, the men who came this morning worked hard at the back of the house.
At the back of the house, the men who came this morning worked hard all day long.
At the back of the house, all day long the men who came this morning worked hard.

I planted them carefully in the front garden yesterday evening.
I planted them carefully yesterday evening in the front garden.
Yesterday evening, I planted them carefully in the front garden.
In the front garden, I planted them carefully yesterday evening.
In the front garden, yesterday evening I planted them carefully.

Ask him to come to see us when he can.
Ask him to come when he can to see us.
When he can, ask him to come to see us.
To see us, ask him to come when he can.

They argued angrily outside the house for some time.
They argued angrily for some time outside the house.
For some time, they argued angrily outside the house.
Outside the house, they argued angrily for some time.
Outside the house, for some time they argued angrily.

They decided to go to town by car the next day.
They decided to go by car to town the next day.
The next day, they decided to go to town by car.
By car, they decided to go to town the next day.
To town, they decided to go by car the next day.

It is very cold in Sweden during the winter.
During the winter, it is very cold in Sweden.
In Sweden, it is very cold during the winter.

They sawed down the trees near our school last week.
They sawed down the trees last week near our school.
Last week, they sawed down the trees near our school.
Near our school, they sawed down the trees last week.

We fished patiently from the bank until it was dark.
We fished patiently until it was dark from the bank.
Until it was dark, we fished patiently from the bank.
From the bank, we fished patiently until it was dark.
From the bank, until it was dark we fished patiently.

The mosquitoes buzzed around us all night.
The mosquitoes buzzed all night around us.
All night, the mosquitoes buzzed around us.
Around us, the mosquitoes buzzed all night.

He swam quickly towards the beach when he saw the sea-snake.
When he saw the sea-snake, he swam quickly towards the beach.
He swam towards the beach quickly when he saw the sea-snake.
He quickly swam towards the beach when he saw the sea-snake.
Towards the beach, he swam quickly when he saw the sea-snake.

