The train which was due to arrive at one o'clock never arrived.
The train, which was due to arrive at one o'clock, never arrived.

Polly who had been a policewoman for ten years was sentenced to four years in prison for her involvement in a robbery.
Polly, who had been a policewoman for ten years, was sentenced to four years in prison for her involvement in a robbery.

The girl who won the competition for having the longest hair was from Hong Kong.

They drove slowly by the vacant house which one of them had described as haunted.
They drove slowly by the vacant house, which one of them had described as haunted.

The window which faces south lets the rain in during a storm.
The window, which faces south, lets the rain in during a storm.

The pipes which had burst and flooded the house were very old ones.
The pipes, which had burst and flooded the house, were very old ones.

George who raises pigs on his farm says he knows what the pigs are thinking.
George, who raises pigs on his farm, says he knows what the pigs are thinking.

Two female passengers who fought on the plane were both injured during the fight.
Two female passengers, who fought on the plane, were both injured during the fight.

The boy who rescued from the blaze a litter of puppies, which were abandoned, must be very brave.
The boy who rescued a litter of puppies, which were abandoned, from the blaze must be very brave.
The boy who rescued from the blaze a litter of puppies, which were abandoned, must be very brave.
A litter of puppies, which were abandoned, was rescued from the blaze by the boy who must be very brave.

The farmer who owns a herd of cows which moo all day long claims his cows are disappearing one by one.
The farmer who owns a herd of cows, which moo all day long, claims his cows are disappearing one by one.
The farmer who owns a herd of cows which moo all day long claims his cows are disappearing one-by-one.
The farmer who owns a herd of cows, which moo all day long, claims his cows are disappearing one-by-one.

for whom

with whom

to which

to whom

whom

whom

with whom

from whom

to whom

of whom
