She lost her dodo pendant which she got as a birthday present.
She lost her dodo pendant, which she got as a birthday present.

He bought another pearl necklace for his daughter whom he simply adores.
He bought another pearl necklace for his daughter, whom he simply adores.

His new house which he built single-handedly collapsed a month later.
His new house, which he built single-handedly, collapsed a month later.

Who painted that picture which shows Mona Lisa crying?
Who painted that picture, which shows Mona Lisa crying?

The teacher now wants to speak to the boy who litters everywhere.

Police are looking for the wanted man whose forehead has a tattoo of a policeman.

They give free haircuts to the boy whose father owns the barber shop.

It was the lifeboat crew who rescued the family's dogs and cats from the sinking boat.

The twin brothers who wanted to be bullfighters are not old enough.
The twin brothers, who wanted to be bullfighters, are not old enough.

Now everyone wants John to fly his new kite which he says is made of toilet paper.
Now everyone wants John to fly his new kite, which he says is made of toilet paper.

He bought a new branded watch which must be a fake as it tells the correct time but often wrong date.
He bought a new branded watch, which must be a fake as it tells the correct time but often wrong date.

We find it hard to believe our cousin who told us he is living in a haunted house.
We find it hard to believe our cousin, who told us he is living in a haunted house.

John made a clay model of a giraffe whose neck however is too short.

She wants to get rid of her tenant whose loud snoring is disturbing others.

He is a very boastful person to whom everyone takes an almost instant dislike.

All my fingers got burned by the fire which I tried to put out.
All my fingers got burned by the fire, which I tried to put out.

The couple who deliberately stepped on other competitors' toes were disqualified from the dancing competition.
The couple, who deliberately stepped on other competitors' toes, were disqualified from the dancing competition.

The salesman, to whom someone sold a fake designer belt, is very angry.

John whose divorce is coming through soon, is very likely to marry his old flame.
John, whose divorce is coming through soon, is very likely to marry his old flame.

This is a life-size, marble statue of Robin Hood whom I told you about.
This is a life-size, marble statue of Robin Hood, whom I told you about.

