He said that he was just going to the market and wouldn't be long.

He said he was just going to the market and wouldn't be long.

He said that he was just going to the market and he wouldn't be long. 1. He said he was just going to the market and he wouldn't be long.


His sister complained to him she couldn't find the shop he told her about.*

His sister complained to him that she couldn't find the shop he told her about.

His sister complained to him she couldn't find the shop that he told her about.

His sister complained to him that she couldn't find the shop that he told her about.


She confided in her sister that she didn't like the pattern on that dress, so she wasn't going to buy it.

She confided in her sister she didn't like the pattern on that dress, so she wasn't going to buy it.


They asked me why I was late again.


John said that he heard I was discharged from the hospital the day before.

John said he heard I was discharged from the hospital the day before.


My mother told her that she would be late if she didn't hurry up.

My mother told her she would be late if she didn't hurry up.


George called to say he had left his books behind at my place.

George called to say that he had left his books behind at my place.


He told the teacher that he forgot to do his homework the night before.

He told the teacher he forgot to do his homework the night before.


I said to my sister that George would forget his bag again unless she reminded him.

I said to my sister George would forget his bag again unless she reminded him.


He said it was raining but he had forgotten his umbrella and asked if I could share my umbrella with him.

He said it was raining but that he had forgotten his umbrella and asked if I could share my umbrella with him.


She said she hated it when it started snowing just as she was leaving.

She said that she hated it when it started snowing just as she was leaving.


She said that she thought it was all my fault that she got into that mess.

She said she thought it was all my fault that she got into that mess.

She said that she thought it was all my fault she got into that mess.

She said she thought it was all my fault she got into that mess.


Someone said that the train will have arrived by seven o'clock.

Someone said the train will have arrived by seven o'clock.


She promised us that she would come if she could.

She promised us she would come if she could.


She told me that she would buy a new watch for me when she went to Bangkok but she didn't know when.

She told me she would buy a new watch for me when she went to Bangkok but she didn't know when.


Tom told the visitor that his mother was not at home and he didn't know where she was.

Tom told the visitor his mother was not at home and he didn't know where she was.


Janet told Paul that she would love to go with him but she was afraid she couldn't because her uncle was arriving in a few minutes.

Janet told Paul she would love to go with him but she was afraid she couldn't because her uncle was arriving in a few minutes.

Janet said to Paul that she would love to go with him but she was afraid she couldn't because her uncle was arriving in a few minutes.

Janet said to Paul she would love to go with him but she was afraid she couldn't because her uncle was arriving in a few minutes.


My father asked me one evening if I would stop practicing my violin. He said that the screeching noise gave him a headache.

My father asked me one evening if I would stop practicing my violin. He said the screeching noise gave him a headache.

My father asked me one evening if I would stop practicing my violin because the screeching noise gave him a headache.


Mickey said to Ray and Roy that they were out of their mind if they believed what Mike said that morning.

Mickey said to Ray and Roy they were out of their mind if they believed what Mike said that morning.

Mickey told Ray and Roy that they were out of their mind if they believed what Mike said that morning.

Mickey told Ray and Roy they were out of their mind if they believed what Mike said that morning.


Mrs. White said that there were no pineapples at the market that day so she bought some oranges instead.

Mrs. White said there were no pineapples at the market that day so she bought some oranges instead.

Mrs. White said that day there were no pineapples at the market so she bought some oranges instead.

That day, Mrs. White said that there were no pineapples at the market so she bought some oranges instead.

That day, Mrs. White said there were no pineapples at the market so she bought some oranges instead.

