He looked into his crystal ball which told him the weaker team will lose.
He looked into his crystal ball, which told him the weaker team will lose.

The girls whom we saw fighting were not our sisters.
The girls, whom we saw fighting, were not our sisters.

The movie which we saw last night was very scary, but it's worth seeing again.
The movie, which we saw last night, was very scary, but it's worth seeing again.

John whose nose and a tooth were broken in the fight fought bravely against a big-sized robber.
John, whose nose and a tooth were broken in the fight, fought bravely against a big-sized robber.

Jack who won the lottery jackpot said he would pray to win it again.
Jack, who won the lottery jackpot, said he would pray to win it again.

The car which plunged headlong into a river was driven by a drunken man.
The car, which plunged headlong into a river, was driven by a drunken man.

The cyclist whose bicycle was hit by a motorized wheelchair landed in hospital.
The cyclist, whose bicycle was hit by a motorized wheelchair, landed in hospital.

I posted a letter to a friend whose address I realized later was wrongly written.
I posted a letter to a friend, whose address I realized later was wrongly written.

He broke my best racquet which he used without my permission.
He broke my best racquet, which he used without my permission.

He took a photo of his only daughter whom he absolutely adored.
He took a photo of his only daughter, whom he absolutely adored.

She mended the shirt which George had torn in a fight.
She mended the shirt, which George had torn in a fight.

He told them about the flat Earth which nobody believed.
He told them about the flat Earth, which nobody believed.

Godiva who does not believe in ghosts says she's afraid of seeing one.
Godiva, who does not believe in ghosts, says she's afraid of seeing one.

She had to compensate the postman whose leg was badly bitten by her dog.
She had to compensate the postman, whose leg was badly bitten by her dog.

She tried to piece together pieces of the vase which she had dropped.
She tried to piece together pieces of the vase, which she had dropped.

They sat beneath a shady tree whose root they used as a bench.
They sat beneath a shady tree, whose root they used as a bench.

He swore at the policeman who issued him a summon for illegal parking.
He swore at the policeman, who issued him a summon for illegal parking.

Everyone remembers that bearded man who claims he is God's messenger.
Everyone remembers that bearded man, who claims he is God's messenger.

He is still hunting for his twin brother whom he has not seen since birth.
He is still hunting for his twin brother, whom he has not seen since birth.

All his female friends are boycotting Joe whose jokes they complain are extremely vulgar.
All his female friends are boycotting Joe, whose jokes they complain are extremely vulgar.
